Drupal docker image scripts
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

config.sh
  Arguments:   <none>
  Description: This should be run once on your ubuntu 18.04 system prior to
               starting the docker containers for drupal. It is meant to load all
               of the tools necessary to run the Drupal docker containers as well
               as the development tools needed to test and modify the code.

start-drupal.sh
  Arguments:   -d  (optional) forces it to execute in background
               -h  displays usage info
  Description: This script starts up a pair of docker containers that make up part of a LAMP
               stack for running Drupal. Following this script's completion, you should
               then run dbload.sh (if the MySQL has not been setup yet) to load the database
               into the running instance of MySQL. Following that, you can browse to:
               127.0.0.1/admin to then setup the database for your Drupal sandbox and you are
               ready to go.

dbload.sh
  Arguments:   [sql-file] (optional) name of SQL file to load from database dir (default: vo_db.sql)
  Description: This script loads the database file into the running MySQL docker container.
               The container must be running and the file must be located in the database
               subfolder of the Drupal development path (see start-drupal.sh help info).

dbdump.sh
  Arguments:   <none>
  Description: This script dumps the current database into a dated file in the Drupal development
               path. The docker container must be running.

copyimages.sh
  Arguments:   <none>
  Description: This script copies the images files from the Drupal development images folder to
               the running Drupal code path. The docker containers must be running.

svncheckout.sh
  Arguments:   <none>
  Description: This script checks out the latest CPS-VO codebase files from SVN into the src
               subfolder of the Drupal development path.

certificate.sh
  Arguments:   <none>
  Description: This script creates a self-signed (snake-oil) certificate in the certificates
               subfolder of the Drupal development path.

clamav_start.sh
  Arguments:   <none>
  Description: This will start the ClamAV anti-virus daemon in the drupal_www_1 container.
               This is used by Drupal and gives a status report warning if it is not running.

clean.sh
  Arguments:   <none>
  Description: This can do either of 2 things:
               1) clear out saved data in the docker projects and do a clean build (without using
                  cached data) so the project truly builds from scratch
               2) removes all images, containers, network connections, and volumes to clear out
                  disk space.
